1. What is the acronym of the Canadian private sector privacy law?;PIPA;PIPEDA;PEPODA;PIPADA;PIPEDA;Answer: The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) sets the ground rules for how private-sector organizations collect, use, and personal information in the course of for-profit, commercial activities across Canada.;Hint: The act that protects personal information and electronic documents
2. What type of OS uses a command line based interface?;UNIX;Windows;MAC;AndroidOS;UNIX;Answer: UNIX based systems use command based inputs as most major tasks are done using commands put through the terminal.;Hint: Think of the most common operating systems and how the major tasks in it are done.
3. What is meant by ‘authorization’?;The act of indicating a person or a thing’s identity;The act of verifying/proving the claimed identity of the agent;The act of specifying access rights/privileges to resources;The act of assigning a serial number to something;The act of specifying access rights/privileges to resources;Answer: Authorization giving access to rights and privileges, ‘’authorizing’’ allowable actions to be performed.;Hint: Authorization is not the same as authentication and identification, as those are more related to verification.
4. How many levels of assurance are there on identification and authentication based on NIST guidelines?;1;2;3;4;4;Ans: Assurance Level describes the degree of certainty that a user has presented a credential that refers to his or her identity. There are 4 assurance levels, going from little confidence to very high confidence.;Hint: More than 2
5. How can someone best protect from having their passwords stolen?;Create strong password based on NIST guidelines;Use multi factor authentication for all accounts;Not access unauthorized sites;All of the above;All of the above;Answer: All of the above are good practices and are outlined by NIST;Hint: Think of the suggested steps you get when creating a password for a new email account, for instance.
6. What is used to properly enforce authorization systems?;Using access controls;Issuing ID cards;Using multifactor authentication;Using biometrics;Using access controls;Answer: Access controls define what level of access someone may or may not have, and that is used to enforce systems that have sensitive data to prevent leaks.;Hint: One of these options is very different from the others in terms of how they function.
7. Which of these ways can be used to identify a computer?;Serial number;Cryptographic Keys;Network Address;All the above;All the above;Answer: All of the above options can be used to identify computers as they have unique methods of creating distinction between each computer.;Hint: There is more than one correct answer