1.	Which of the following is not an example of InfoSec?;Data/System is seen only be the authorized people;Data/System is changed only as specified by the system;Data/System is up when we want it;Data/System gets updated every week;Data/System gets updated every week;InfoSec ensures that Data/System can be seen and changed only by the appropriate people. Furthermore, system is up when required.;Hint: We are just concerned with the security of data/system here.
2.	Which of the following is one of the CIA Triad?;Assurance;Confidentiality;Information;Confidence;Confidentiality;The CIA Triad consists of = Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability;Hint: The ‘C’ in CIA.
3.	“Guarding against improper information modification or destruction” – Which CIA Triad does this refer to?;Confidentiality;Integrity;Availability;Assurance;Integrity;Integrity refers to the guarding of system against improper modification or destruction.;Hint: ‘Assurance’ is not part of the CIA triad.
4.	Which of the following jargons are not defined correctly?;Asset: What we’re trying to protect;Threat: What we’re protecting against;Vulnerability: The people who want to attack us;Attack consequence: unauthorized access;Vulnerability: The people who want to attack us;‘Vulnerability’ stands for a gap in protection efforts.;Hint: Asset and Threat are defined correctly.
5.	Which of the following does not come under the Principle of Easiest Penetration?;An intruder can use any available means of penetration;Any system is most vulnerable at its weakest link;Attackers will go after the weakest link, not the most obvious link nor the most convenient link to fortify;Cost of security measures should not exceed the value of assets;Cost of security measures should not exceed the value of assets;‘Cost of security measures should not exceed the value of assets’ describes the Principle of Adequate Protection.;Hint: The Principle of Easiest Penetration is associated with the weakest link of a system.
6.	What are the top motivations behind cyber-attacks?;Hacktivism;Cyber Espionage;Cyber Crime;Cyber Warfare;Cyber Crime;According to a 2014 study, cyber-crime is motivation behind cyber-attacks 62.3% of the times.;Hint: The top motivations are criminal activities for personal monetary gains.
7.	What is the acronym of the Canadian private sector privacy law?;PIPA;PIPEDA;PEPODA;PIPADA;PIPEDA;Answer: The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) sets the ground rules for how private-sector organizations collect, use, and personal information in the course of for-profit, commercial activities across Canada.;Hint: The act that protects personal information and electronic documents
8.	What type of OS uses a command line based interface?;UNIX;Windows;MAC;AndroidOS;UNIX;Answer: UNIX based systems use command based inputs as most major tasks are done using commands put through the terminal.;Hint: Think of the most common operating systems and how the major tasks in it are done.
9.	What is meant by ‘authorization’?;The act of indicating a person or a thing’s identity;The act of verifying/proving the claimed identity of the agent;The act of specifying access rights/privileges to resources;The act of assigning a serial number to something;The act of specifying access rights/privileges to resources;Answer: Authorization giving access to rights and privileges, ‘’authorizing’’ allowable actions to be performed.;Hint: Authorization is not the same as authentication and identification, as those are more related to verification.
10.	How many levels of assurance are there on identification and authentication based on NIST guidelines?;1;2;3;4;4;Ans: Assurance Level describes the degree of certainty that a user has presented a credential that refers to his or her identity. There are 4 assurance levels, going from little confidence to very high confidence.;Hint: More than 2
11.	How can someone best protect from having their passwords stolen?;Create strong password based on NIST guidelines;Use multi factor authentication for all accounts;Not access unauthorized sites;All of the above;All of the above;Answer: All of the above are good practices and are outlined by NIST;Hint: Think of the suggested steps you get when creating a password for a new email account, for instance.
12.	What is used to properly enforce authorization systems?;Using access controls;Issuing ID cards;Using multifactor authentication;Using biometrics;Using access controls;Answer: Access controls define what level of access someone may or may not have, and that is used to enforce systems that have sensitive data to prevent leaks.;Hint: One of these options is very different from the others in terms of how they function.
13.	Which of these ways can be used to identify a computer?;Serial number;Cryptographic Keys;Network Address;All the above;All the above;Answer: All of the above options can be used to identify computers as they have unique methods of creating distinction between each computer.;Hint: There is more than one correct answer
14. What is meant by ‘authentication?;The act of indicating a person or a thing’s identity; The act of verifying/proving the claimed identity of the agent; The act of specifying access rights/privileges to resources;The act of assigning a serial number to something;The act of verifying/proving the claimed identity of the agent;Answer: Authenticating is confirming the identity of something, verifying or proving that it is indeed the person or entity they are claiming to be.;hint: Authentication and authorization are very different.
15.	What is the primary issue when it comes to choosing an authentication method?;Too many options make it difficult to find the most effective/efficient method;Authentication is too difficult to perform on certain entities (computers);There aren’t many good countermeasures to identity theft;Most authentication methods provide no protection and are unnecessary.;Too many options make it difficult to find the most effective/efficient method;Answer: There are many authentication methods with varying assurance levels, so it is difficult to choose one that is the perfect method that balances security, usability and assurance.;hint: Someone choosing an authentication method has to think about a lot of variables about each method.