1. What are the benefits of computers using the Binary Number System?;Binary Number System is an exact copy of the Decimal Number System, making it easy for both humans and computers to read the same number;Binary numbers can be perfectly stored and reproduced by computers;Binary numbers are perfect for computers who are easily able to store three different bit states for each binary digit;Binary numbers are better for computers than decimal numbers as computers have difficulty determining value of numbers by digit position;Binary numbers can be perfectly stored and reproduced by computers;Computers are very good at storing two distinct states (in this case 0 and 1). Binary numbers are able to be perfectly stored and retrieved by computers without loss, it is much more difficult for them to store decimal numbers.;Hint: Consider that humans and computers count numbers differently, with humans conditioned to a base 10 number system.
2. What is the purpose of the least significant bit in a binary number?;Determines if the binary number is positive or negative;Determines the length of the binary representation of a number;A placeholder as the leftmost bit of a binary number used for internal formatting;A relic from the days of early computers and serves no purpose in modern 64-bit computing;Determines if the binary number is positive or negative;The least significant bit is used to determine if a binary number is positive or negative. Regardless of the number of bits used to represent a number, the least significant bit is always the leftmost bit.;Hint: The least significant bit is the rightmost bit in a number.
3. How many bits are in a byte?;2 bits;1 bit;4 bits;8 bits;8 bits;The number of bits in a byte is 8. This is also known as an octet. 4 bits is known as a nybble, half of a byte.;Hint: Consider that the maximum number of values that can be held in a byte range from 0-255
4. What are the range of symbols used in Hexadecimal Numbers?;1-16;1-10 and A-F;0-9 and A-F;A-P;0-9 and A-F;The numerical values represented by hexadecimal numbers are the digits 0-9 A common mistake people make is thinking that the digits represented start from 1, but computers start counting at 0 which leads to the mistake. For letters, A-F represent the values 10-15.;Hint: Consider that computers start counting from 0, and that there are only 16 symbols represented by hexadecimal numbers.
5. How many binary digits are required to represent a single hexadecimal digit?;4 bits;16 bits;6 bits;1 bit;4 bits;To properly represent a hexadecimal digit, 4 bits are required. The range of values represented by a 4-bit number are 0-15, which is the minimum required to represent the number completely.;Hint: Consider how many values are represented by hexadecimal numbers, and how many bits it would take to represent those numbers.
6. What determines the length of a binary string?;The amount of storage space the string requires to store on a hard drive;The number of bits inside the string (excluding leading 0s);The number of bits inside the string (including leading 0s);Exclusively the number of 1s that are stored inside the string;The number of bits inside the string (excluding leading 0s);The length of a bit string is determined by the total number of bits inside a string, subtracting leading 0s from the count. Removing leading 0s allows for the number to be the smallest possible without losing any accuracy in the value of the number.;Hint: Think about what would be useful to know about how long a binary string is.
7. How many bits are used to represent a character in ASCII?;8 bits;4 bits;7 bits;16 bits;8 bits;While it is true that an ASCII character is represented using 7 bits, an 8th bit added for parity. It’s rather impressive that all the ASCII characters can be represented by 128 values.;Hint: Consider that there are 127 characters that are represented by the ASCII character set.
8. What is the prefix used to represent binary numbers?;0x;1b;0n;0b;0b;0b is the prefix used for binary numbers. 1b and 0n are incorrect prefixes to depict binary numbers, and 0x is the prefix used for hexadecimal numbers.;Hint: Consider what a logical prefix would be for binary numbers, to separate them from hexadecimal or floating point numbers.
9. What is the length of an empty string?;The length of an empty string is equal to the amount of storage space required to store it on a hard drive;Undefined;1;0;0;The length of an empty string is always defined as 0. The amount of storage space required to store a string is irrelevant to the actual length of the string.;Hint: Think about how much storage space it would require to store an empty file.
10. What happens to a bit string when a bitwise not operation is applied?;All the bits in the string are set to a value of 0;The length of the bit string is set to 0, effectively deleting the string;The value of each bit is flipped, each 1 is set to a 0, and every 0 is set to a 1;All the bits in the string are set to a random value, chosen between 0 or 1;The value of each bit is flipped, each 1 is set to a 0, and every 0 is set to a 1;The value of each bit is reversed in a bitwise not operation. This does not mean the string is deleted or that the value of each bit is random, it simply means that every 0 is set to a 1, and each 1 is set to a 0.;Hint: Consider what happens when you negate a statement, the intent of the message is flipped.
11. How many hexadecimal characters are required to represent an ASCII character?;You only need one hexadecimal character to represent an ASCII character;You only need two hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character;You are unable to represent the value of an ASCII character with hexadecimal characters;You only need eight hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character, the same as the number of binary digits required;You only need two hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character;Only two hexadecimal characters are required to represent a singular ASCII character. Each ASCII character is represented by 8 bits (7 bits to represent the character, and 1 bit for parity), and a single hexadecimal character represents 4 bits, leading to a minimum of two characters to represent a single ASCII character.;Hint: Consider that there are 127 characters in the ASCII set, and that each hexadecimal character represents 16 values.
12. How many characters are represented by the ASCII character set?;128 unique characters;64 unique characters;32 unique characters;127 unique characters;127 unique characters;While it is true that the number of possible ASCII characters that can be represented by the 7-bit integer limit is 128 characters, the 128th character is reserved for the delete operation. As such, only 127 characters are represented by the ASCII character set.;Hint: Consider that the complete hexadecimal character set can be represented by 8 binary digits.
13. How many binary digits are represented by a word?;16 binary digits;32 binary digits;64 binary digits;A variable number of binary digits that differs based on the design of the processor used on the hardware;A variable number of binary digits that differs based on the design of the processor used on the hardware;While it is true that a word could represent 32, 16, or 64 binary digits (or other values 2^x), the number of bits in a word is determined by the processor used in the hardware. Most modern computers use either 32 or 64 bits in a word.;Hint: Consider that the value of the word may differ based on hardware.
14. What is the range of symbols used in the decimal number system?;0-10;0-9;0-F;1-10;0-9;The range of symbols for decimal numbers is from 0-9. The range 0-F is the range of symbols used to represent binary numbers, and the number 10 is not a unique symbol, thus it is invalid.;Hint: Consider that the decimal number system is the one that humans are most familiar with.
15. What numeral system is the decimal number system based on?;The Indo-Arab numeral system;The Korean numeral system;The Chinese rod numeral system;The Burmese numeral system;The Indo-Arab numeral system;The digits 0-9 are based off of the Indo-Arab numeral system. The Korean, Chinese, and Burmese number systems are region numeral systems and are not as widely used as the Indo-Arab numeral system.;Hint: Consider that many scholars attribute the invention of numbers to exchange between central and southern Asia.