1.	Which of the following is not a type of biometric password?;Hand geometry;Retinal Pattern;Draw-a-secret;Voice;Draw-a-secret;Draw-a-secret is a kind of visual password. It has nothing to do with the biology of a person.;Hint: “biometrics” is applying measurements to biology.
2.	Which is a phase of biometric authentication?;Enrolment;Measurement;Judgement;Management;Enrolment;Biometric systems have two phases- Enrolment and Verification. ;Hint: The phase where a profile for the user is constructed.
3.	Which is not a requirement of Biometric characteristics?;Universality;Collectability;Distinctiveness;Versatility;Versatility;Versatility has nothing to do with biometric characteristics.;Hint: Collectability and Distinctiveness are requirements.
4.	What is False Acceptance Ratio?;The rate of system outputting “no match” for wrong input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “no match” for correct input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for correct input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprint;False Acceptance ratio is the rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprints.;Hint: The answer involves the wrong input fingerprint.
5.	How to ensure if a fingerprint isn’t fake?;Check for depth of lines;Check for perspiration;Check for variations in pattern;Check for grip;Check for perspiration;To check is a fingerprint isn’t fake, we look for signs of ‘life’. Perspiration is one of them;Hint: We check if the finger is “live”.
6.	What is a disadvantage of biometric authentication?;No need to memorize;Cannot be easily shared;Cannot be changed;Highly identifying;Cannot be changed;It is disadvantageous that biometric authentication can never be changed.;Hint: It is advantageous that biometric authentication is highly identifying and doesn’t need to be shared.
7.	What does PII stand for?;Personal Information Identification;Personally identifiable Information;Personality Intrusive Information;Privacy Invading Interface;Personally identifiable Information;PII stands for Personally Identifiable Information;Hint: The ‘I’ stands for information.
8.	Which of the following is not a type of web tracker?;Cookies;Fingerprinters;Embedded script;Search engines;Search engines;Search engines are not a type of web tracker.;Hint: A web tracker is a script on websites designed to derive data from you.
9.	Which is not true about the Universal Product Code?;Number is between 10 to 17 digits long;First 6-10 digits represent manufacturer’s identification;Next 1-5 represent item number;Final digit represents check digit;Number is between 10 to 17 digits long;The number is between 8 and 12 digits long;Hint: The first few numbers represent manufacturer’s identity and the last digit represents check digit.
