1.	What is Phishing?;Attempting to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication;Monitoring software designed to record keystrokes of a user;Spying on an user in order to obtain personal access information;Gaining access of victims documents and only giving it back if ransom is paid;Attempting to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication;Phishing is an attempt to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication.;Hint: Phishing is an example of social engineering(tricking users into believing the hacker is a legitimate agent).
2.	What is the minimum number of characters required for a password according to the current NIST password guidelines(if chosen by a human)?;6;8;7;9;8;Minimum 8 chars are required by the NIST is the password is chosen by a human.;Hint: 6 chars is the minimum requirement if randomly assigned by a machine.
3.	Which of the following passwords would not be blacklisted by the NIST?;aaaaaaaa;12345678;Password;bhjgh@123;bhjgh@123;Repetitive or commonly used passwords get blacklisted by the NIST.  bhjgh@123 is a combination of random chars and thus, won’t get blacklisted.;Hint: Commonly used passwords get blacklisted by the NIST.
4.	Why is it allowed to copy-paste passwords into the password field?;Encourages passwords too complex to type;This can prevent shoulder-surfing;Enables you to type and store all passwords in a single document;This can thwart keyloggers;Enables you to type and store all passwords in a single document;Copy-pasting passwords improves security. It encourages more complex passwords, prevents shoulder-surfing and thwarts keyloggers.;Hint: This allowance improves safety.
5.	Which of the following is the most widely used hash function today?;SHA-256;SHA-1;SHA-3;MD5;SHA-256;SHA-256 is the most widely used hash function today.;Hint: The output length is 256 bit.
6.	Which of the following password hashing function is described incorrectly?;bcrypt: used password as key, encrypts a fixed string repeatedly;scrypt: uses memory-hard function to make parallel brute force attacks expensive;Argon 2: used password-dependent memory access to thwart time-memory tradeoffs on a GPU;PBKDF2: encodes information into a 128-bit fingerprint;PBKDF2: encodes information into a 128-bit fingerprint;The correct description is – PBKDF2: uses iterated hashing.;Hint: bcrypt and scrypt are defined correctly.
7.	Which of the following is not a type of biometric password?;Hand geometry;Retinal Pattern;Draw-a-secret;Voice;Draw-a-secret;Draw-a-secret is a kind of visual password. It has nothing to do with the biology of a person.;Hint: “biometrics” is applying measurements to biology.
8.	Which is a phase of biometric authentication?;Enrolment;Measurement;Judgement;Management;Enrolment;Biometric systems have two phases- Enrolment and Verification. ;Hint: The phase where a profile for the user is constructed.
9.	Which is not a requirement of Biometric characteristics?;Universality;Collectability;Distinctiveness;Versatility;Versatility;Versatility has nothing to do with biometric characteristics.;Hint: Collectability and Distinctiveness are requirements.
10.	What is False Acceptance Ratio?;The rate of system outputting “no match” for wrong input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “no match” for correct input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for correct input fingerprint;The rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprint;False Acceptance ratio is the rate of system outputting “match” for wrong input fingerprints.;Hint: The answer involves the wrong input fingerprint.
11.	How to ensure if a fingerprint isn’t fake?;Check for depth of lines;Check for perspiration;Check for variations in pattern;Check for grip;Check for perspiration;To check is a fingerprint isn’t fake, we look for signs of ‘life’. Perspiration is one of them;Hint: We check if the finger is “live”.
12.	What is a disadvantage of biometric authentication?;No need to memorize;Cannot be easily shared;Cannot be changed;Highly identifying;Cannot be changed;It is disadvantageous that biometric authentication can never be changed.;Hint: It is advantageous that biometric authentication is highly identifying and doesn’t need to be shared.
13.	What does PII stand for?;Personal Information Identification;Personally identifiable Information;Personality Intrusive Information;Privacy Invading Interface;Personally identifiable Information;PII stands for Personally Identifiable Information;Hint: The ‘I’ stands for information.
14.	Which of the following is not a type of web tracker?;Cookies;Fingerprinters;Embedded script;Search engines;Search engines;Search engines are not a type of web tracker.;Hint: A web tracker is a script on websites designed to derive data from you.
15.	Which is not true about the Universal Product Code?;Number is between 10 to 17 digits long;First 6-10 digits represent manufacturer’s identification;Next 1-5 represent item number;Final digit represents check digit;Number is between 10 to 17 digits long;The number is between 8 and 12 digits long;Hint: The first few numbers represent manufacturer’s identity and the last digit represents check digit.