1. Which element of a system should be a secret?;The algorithm should be kept secret, to ensure that the data it is protecting is not accessed by an unauthorised third party;The cryptography key should be kept a secret;The identity of the sender should be kept a secret, to ensure anonymity;The identity of the receiver should be kept a secret, to ensure their key does not get accessed;The cryptography key should be kept a secret;Ultimately, the identity of the sender and receiver are irrelevant to an encryption algorithm. Encryption algorithms are usually public, as the cryptography key should be unique and private, so the message is impossible to decrypt by an unauthorised recipient;Hint: Consider that a cryptography key is comparable to a password.
2. What is the difference between plaintext and ciphertext?;There is no difference between plaintext and ciphertext, they are simply different words for the same thing;Plaintext is an encrypted message, and ciphertext is the key used to decode the plaintext;Plaintext is a gibberish message generated by an algorithm contained in the ciphertext message;Plaintext is the original readable message, and ciphertext is the unreadable encrypted message;Plaintext is the original readable message, and ciphertext is the unreadable encrypted message;As can be reasoned out with a bit of thinking, plaintext is the original form of a message, and ciphertext is the encrypted (and thus unreadable) message.;Hint: Consider that ciphertext is usually considered unreadable without the use of a secret key.
3. What is the difference between Symmetric-key and Asymmetric-key encryption?;In symmetric encryption, the keys for encryption and decryption are different, but in asymmetric encryption the keys for encryption and decryption are the same;In symmetric encryption the encryption key is public, but in asymmetric encryption both the public key and the private keys are secret;In asymmetric encryption you use only one key for encryption and decryption, but for symmetric encryption you use different keys for encryption and decryption;In symmetric encryption the key for encryption and decryption is the same, but in asymmetric encryption the keys for encryption and decryption are different;In symmetric encryption the key for encryption and decryption is the same, but in asymmetric encryption the keys for encryption and decryption are different;Symmetric encryption uses the same key for both encryption and decryption, and the key must be shared between the sender and the recipient in order for the message to be decoded. In asymmetric encryption, the encryption key is public, but the decryption key is private and must be shared between the sender and the recipient.;Hint: Consider the phrasing of symmetric and asymmetric, and how that might relate to the number of keys needed for encryption.
4. How is a message decrypted in Symmetric-key encryption?;The secret key must be securely shared through a key exchange protocol in order to decrypt a message;Users only need a key to encrypt a message, not to decrypt a message;Users need a secret key to decrypt a message, but not to encrypt a message;A user needs two distinct secret keys in order to encrypt and decrypt a message;The secret key must be securely shared through a key exchange protocol in order to decrypt a message;Symmetric encryption requires a secret key to be shared between a sender and a recipient in order for a message to be decrypted. A key exchange program is often used in order to prevent the key from being leaked to an unauthorised third party.;Hint: Consider that symmetric key encryption uses the same key for encryption and decryption.
5. What type of algorithm is considered “efficient” in regard to cryptography?;Runs quickly on hardware that is at least five years old;Can be calculated by the strongest computer that exists today;Can be calculated by any computer that exists today;Will eventually end;Calculated by the strongest computer that exists today;In regard to cryptography, an algorithm is considered efficient if the computation is possible by the strongest computers that exist today for a given input size. An efficient algorithm may not be possible for most computers available for purchase on the market to calculate, but it is still satisfied by the definition.;Hint: Consider that algorithms are not necessarily designed to run on the lowest common denominator machine.
6. What is a flaw in the definition of security?;It is too general, and does not cover every possible security system or defensive tactic;It is too simple, as it does not cover things an attacker can do in response to a secure system;It is too broad, almost every defensive tactic is covered under this definition;It is too strict, as it does not allow security to be mathematically proved;It is too simple, as it does not cover things an attacker can do in response to a secure system;The definition of security is strong in the sense that it allows security to be mathematically proved. However, it does not consider any action an attacker can take to attempt to damage a secure system.;Hint: Consider definitions usually are less complex to cover the most cases.
7. Who is credited with inventing one-time-pad encryption?;Gilbert Vernam;Guido van Rossum;Alex Medvendnikov;Dennis Ritchie;Gilbert Vernam;The invention of one-time-pad encryption is credited to Gilbert Vernam. He was an engineer at AT&T at the time, and he also is credited with the invention of the stream cipher.;Hint: Consider that Alex Medvendnikov are Dennis Ritchie both were creators of programming languages.
8. Which bitwise operation is used in the mechanical one-time-pad machine?;A mechanical implementation of the exclusive or operation;A mechanical implementation of the and operation;A mechanical implementation of the inclusive or operation;A mechanical implementation of the not operation;A mechanical implementation of the exclusive or operation;In the machine invented by Gilbert Vernam, the one-time-pad was a slightly more rudimentary.  In the machine, the message is encrypted by mechanically exclusive or-ing a message with a secret key.;Hint: Consider that a bitwise “and” and the bitwise “not” operations are not the most useful for encryption.
9. What must be true about a one-time-pad in order for it to have “perfect” secrecy?;As long as it is never attacked by a third party;As long as all of the conditions are satisfied;As long as it is implemented correctly;As long as it is never leaked by the user;As long as all of the conditions are satisfied;All the elements of perfect secrecy must be completely satisfied for a one-time-pad to have perfect secrecy. It is ultimately irrelevant if the pad is attacked by a third party or is implemented incorrectly.;Hint: The security of the one-time-pad will be attacked by a third party, and it is assumed to be implemented correctly.
10. What is not a possible risk that a one-time-pad could fail?;The one-time-pad is not truly uniformly random;A user reuses their pad for two or more encryption;The one-time-pad is sent to multiple recipients;A segment of the one-time-pad is leaked to a third party;The one-time-pad is sent to multiple recipients;The risk that a one-time-pad is not truly uniformly random, is reused, or is leaked in part or full to a third party, are all legitimate risks that compromise the security of a one-time-pad. A one-time-pad being sent to multiple recipients is not a risk that it could fail, so long as all recipients are intended to receive the one-time-pad.;Hint: Reusing a one-time-pad and leaking a part of the one-time-pad are both legitimate security concerns.
11. What is the foundation assumption of perfect secrecy?;That the one-time-pad is truly random;That the one-time-pad is not accessed by a third party;That the sender and the receiver are anonymous;That a message is below a certain length to be encrypted;That the one-time-pad is truly random;The foundation assumption of perfect secrecy is that the one-time-pad must be truly random in order for a message to have perfect secrecy. This can be difficult, as generating truly random pads can be difficult for computers to do quickly.;Hint: Perfect secrecy does not care about the identity of the identity of the parties, or the message length.
12. What is not an element of a one-time-pad with perfect security?;A pad must be truly uniformly random;A pad must have a different length than the message;A pad must be shared before a communication starts;A pad must be used for only one message;A pad must have a different length than the message;Unfortunately, the one-time-pad having a different length than the message is not an element of a one-time-pad with perfect security. A one-time-pad must be the same length as the message in order for it to have perfect security.;Hint: A one-time-pad with perfect security will always be used for only one message, and it will be uniformly random.
13. What is the key difference between block ciphers and stream ciphers?;Block ciphers are broken into blocks, and stream ciphers are broken into strings before encryption;Block ciphers are processed by a pseudorandom string, while stream ciphers are processed by an encryption algorithm;Both block ciphers and stream ciphers use the same encryption algorithm to mask the content of the message;Block ciphers are processed by an encryption algorithm, while stream ciphers are masked by a pseudorandom string;Block ciphers are processed by an encryption algorithm, while stream ciphers are masked by a pseudorandom string;Both block ciphers and stream ciphers have their message broken into blocks before they are turned into ciphertext. However, block ciphers are processed by an encryption algorithm, while stream ciphers are masked by a pseudorandom string.;Hint: A block cipher is always processed by an encryption algorithm.
14. What is the typical block size of modern ciphers?;64,127 bits;64,128 bits;65,536 bits;32,767 bits;64,128 bits;The size of a typical block in a modern cipher is 64,128 bits. Messages larger than this are split into multiple blocks, and if the length of the last block is less than 64,128 bits, additional bits are added for padding.;Hint: A block size will not be uneven, such as 64,127 or 32,767 are considered invalid.
15. What is an example of a classical cipher?;Substitution cipher;Symmetric-key cipher;Asymmetric-key cipher;Block cipher;Substitution cipher;The substitution cipher is a prime example of a classical cipher. It was useful in historical times as a brute force attack would take an astronomical amount of time to calculate by hand, and it was used by Julius Caesar to communicate with his generals.;Hint: Consider that the block cipher and the symmetric key cycle are distinctly modern inventions.