1. Which of these can be considered as ‘subjects’ in a university file system?;The student who's logging in;Student’s assignment files;Password manager system;Course homepage;The student who's logging in;Ans: Subjects are entities capable of accessing objects, therefore it would be the student;Hint: Subjects can be individuals.
2. Which of these can be considered as ‘objects’ in a university file system?;Student logging in;Student’s assignment files;Student’s profile page;Teacher’s profile page;Student’s assignment files;Ans: Objects are resources to which access is controlled can be files, processes, etc.;Hint: Objects may be things individuals use
3. What kind of accesses does Jonathan have for file A: {<A,r/w/x>, <B,r>, <C,x>}?;Read only;Write only;Execute only;All of the above;All of the above;Ans: This is a representation of an access control matrix, where read, write and execute are represented by r,w,x.;Hint: Check inside the brackets and understand what each player represents.
4. What kind of access policy allows users to pass on their privileges to other users?;Mandatory Access Policy;Discretionary Access Policy;Role Based Access Policy;None of the above;Discretionary Access Policy;Ans: Discretionary access control is based on ownership and owner can pass on their privileges to other users;Hint: Not c or d
5. Which one of these is a feature of Discretionary Access Control?;Information flow is easily controlled;Information flow cannot be controlled;Uses the Bell Lapuda model;Has classes with partial order;Information flow cannot be controlled;Ans: Discretionary doesn’t have full control on information flow as it is possible for someone to share files with unauthorized people as long as they are given the permission by their owner.;Hint: Discretionary access control is one where access is determined based on user.
6. What kind of access policy enforce access control based on regulations mandated by a central authority?;Mandatory Access Policy;Discretionary Access Policy;Role Based Access Policy;None of the above;Mandatory Access Policy;Answer: Mandatory access control is the one where access control is mandated by a central authority.;Hint: See hint for previous question
7. What is the main principle of the Bell Lapuda Model?;No write up, no read up;No read up, no write down;No write down, no read down;No read down, no write up;No read up, no write down;Ans: Users have a level in the hierarchy, they can't read above that level (violates secrecy), can’t write below that level (leaks data).;Hint: Think of the classical military model and how the access may be limited in hierarchies.
8. Which numerical notation denotes unix permission of read and execute for all?;0000;0700;0555;0666;0555;Ans: 0555 represents read and execute for all.;Hint: Numeric notation for UNIX permissions, where numbers range from 0-7 and denote a specific access level.
9. What is the sixth field in the output of UNIX ls-l permission command?;User that owns the file/directory;The group that owns the file/directory;The permissions of the owner;The number of links or directories inside this directory;User that owns the file/directory;Answer: The sixth field represents the owner of the file.;Hint: Example output: -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 209 Mar 30 17:41 printcap
10. What is the ‘Complete mediation’ principle from “The Protection of Information in Computer Systems” from Saltzer and Shroeder?;Base access decisions on permission rather than exclusion;When things go wrong ensure system defaults to a safe state;Every access to every asset must be checked for authority;Every program and user should operate while invoking as few privileges as possible;Every access to every asset must be checked for authority;Answer: Complete mediation refers to making sure every file and every access is completely checked for the authority.;Hint: Break down the phrase and see what each word means.
11.	Which numerical notation denotes unix permission for read, write & execute for owner/group?;0700;0770;0777;0007;0770;0770 represents read write and execute for owner and group;Recall the binary to numeric system for unix permissions
12.	What kind of access control does UNIX use?;MAC;RBAC;DAC;None of the above;DAC;UNIX used a discretionary based access control (DAC) as it's permissions are based on individual users;Hint: Think of what ls-l does and what the output is
13.	SUDO can be:;Invoked with non-root password;Requires root password to be invoked; Cannot be invoked unless at top access level;Used to change directory hierarchies;Invoked with non-root password;SUDO is a program that allows users to run programs with the privileges of another user and does not need root password, ie. can be invoked with a non root password.;Hint: Not to be confused with 'su'
14.	What is Kerkchoff’s principle of cryptology?The only way to make a cryptosystem secure is to ensure everything is private.;Cryptosystem should be secure, even if everything about the system, except the key, is public knowledge;Cryptosystem should be secure, even if everything about the system, including the key, is public knowledge;No cryptosystem is fully secure.;Cryptosystem should be secure, even if everything about the system, except the key, is public knowledge;Kerckhoff's principle is the concept that a Cryptographic system should be designed to be secure, even if all its details, except for the key, are publicly known.;Hint: May be useful to recall the principles outlined in the “The Protection of Information in Computer Systems” from Saltzer and Shroeder
15.	What is the ‘Separation of privilege’ principle from “The Protection of Information in Computer Systems” from Saltzer and Shroeder?;Base access decisions on permission rather than exclusion;When things go wrong ensure system defaults to a safe state.;Every program and user should operate while invoking as few privileges as possible.;A protection mechanism that requires 2 keys to unlock it, is more robust and flexible, assuming feasibility.;A protection mechanism that requires 2 keys to unlock it, is more robust and flexible, assuming feasibility.;Two keys are better than one as it allows the system to be more robust and flexible as if one key compromised, the other is not and it prevents malicious activity from one user.;Hint: Think of what privilege separation means and why it may be useful