1. Which of these can be considered as ‘subjects’ in a university file system?;The student who's logging in;Student’s assignment files;Password manager system;Course homepage;The student who's logging in;Ans: Subjects are entities capable of accessing objects, therefore it would be the student;Hint: Subjects can be individuals.
2. Which of these can be considered as ‘objects’ in a university file system?;Student logging in;Student’s assignment files;Student’s profile page;Teacher’s profile page;Student’s assignment files;Ans: Objects are resources to which access is controlled can be files, processes, etc.;Hint: Objects may be things individuals use
3. What kind of accesses does Jonathan have for file A: {<A,r/w/x>, <B,r>, <C,x>}?;Read only;Write only;Execute only;All of the above;All of the above;Ans: This is a representation of an access control matrix, where read, write and execute
are represented by r,w,x.;Hint: Check inside the brackets and understand what each player represents.
4. What kind of access policy allows users to pass on their privileges to other users?;Mandatory Access Policy;Discretionary Access Policy;Role Based Access Policy;None of the above;Discretionary Access Policy;Ans: Discretionary access control is based on ownership and owner can pass on their
privileges to other users;Hint: Not c or d
5. Which one of these is a feature of Discretionary Access Control?;Information flow is easily controlled;Information flow cannot be controlled;Uses the Bell Lapuda model;Has classes with partial order;Information flow cannot be controlled;Ans: Discretionary doesn’t have full control on information flow as it is possible for
someone to share files with unauthorized people as long as they are given the
permission by their owner.;Hint: Discretionary access control is one where access is determined based on user.
6. What kind of access policy enforce access control based on regulations mandated by a central authority?;Mandatory Access Policy;Discretionary Access Policy;Role Based Access Policy;None of the above;Mandatory Access Policy;Answer: Mandatory access control is the one where access control is mandated by a
central authority.;Hint: See hint for previous question
7. What is the main principle of the Bell Lapuda Model?;No write up, no read up;No read up, no write down;No write down, no read down;No read down, no write up;No read up, no write down;Ans: Users have a level in the hierarchy, they can't read above that level (violates
secrecy), can’t write below that level (leaks data).;Hint: Think of the classical military model and how the access may be limited in
hierarchies.
8. Which numerical notation denotes unix permission of read and execute for all?;0000;0700;0555;0666;0555;Ans: 0555 represents read and execute for all.;Hint: Numeric notation for UNIX permissions, where numbers range from 0-7 and denote
a specific access level.
9. What is the sixth field in the output of UNIX ls-l permission command?;User that owns the file/directory;The group that owns the file/directory;The permissions of the owner;The number of links or directories inside this directory;User that owns the file/directory;Answer: The sixth field represents the owner of the file.;Hint: Example output: -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 209 Mar 30 17:41 printcap
10. What is the ‘Complete mediation’ principle from “The Protection of Information in Computer Systems” from Saltzer and Shroeder?;Base access decisions on permission rather than exclusion;When things go wrong ensure system defaults to a safe state;Every access to every asset must be checked for authority;Every program and user should operate while invoking as few privileges as possible;Every access to every asset must be checked for authority;Answer: Complete mediation refers to making sure every file and every access is
completely checked for the authority.;Hint: Break down the phrase and see what each word means.