1.	What is Phishing?;Attempting to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication;Monitoring software designed to record keystrokes of a user;Spying on an user in order to obtain personal access information;Gaining access of victims documents and only giving it back if ransom is paid;Attempting to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication;Phishing is an attempt to steal user information by disguising malicious content as a trustworthy communication.;Hint: Phishing is an example of social engineering(tricking users into believing the hacker is a legitimate agent).
2.	What is the minimum number of characters required for a password according to the current NIST password guidelines(if chosen by a human)?;6;8;7;9;8;Minimum 8 chars are required by the NIST is the password is chosen by a human.;Hint: 6 chars is the minimum requirement if randomly assigned by a machine.
3.	Which of the following passwords would not be blacklisted by the NIST?;aaaaaaaa;12345678;Password;bhjgh@123;bhjgh@123;Repetitive or commonly used passwords get blacklisted by the NIST. 
bhjgh@123 is a combination of random chars and thus, won’t get blacklisted.;Hint: Commonly used passwords get blacklisted by the NIST.
4.	Why is it allowed to copy-paste passwords into the password field?;Encourages passwords too complex to type;This can prevent shoulder-surfing;Enables you to type and store all passwords in a single document;This can thwart keyloggers;Enables you to type and store all passwords in a single document;Copy-pasting passwords improves security. It encourages more complex passwords, prevents shoulder-surfing and thwarts keyloggers.;Hint: This allowance improves safety.
5.	Which of the following is the most widely used hash function today?;SHA-256;SHA-1;SHA-3;MD5;SHA-256;SHA-256 is the most widely used hash function today.;Hint: The output length is 256 bit.
6.	Which of the following password hashing function is described incorrectly?;bcrypt: used password as key, encrypts a fixed string repeatedly;scrypt: uses memory-hard function to make parallel brute force attacks expensive;Argon 2: used password-dependent memory access to thwart time-memory tradeoffs on a GPU;PBKDF2: encodes information into a 128-bit fingerprint;PBKDF2: encodes information into a 128-bit fingerprint;The correct description is – PBKDF2: uses iterated hashing.;Hint: bcrypt and scrypt are defined correctly.