1. What kind of malware spreads with little-to-no user involvement?;Worms;Trojan;Virus;Logic Bomb;Worms;Ans: Worms are malware that can exploit a security flaw on remote machines and can
spread without little to no interaction from humans.;Hint: Viruses replicate and trojans are similar to trojan horses from the historical story.
2. What does the ‘dropper’ malware do?;Gathers information about users’ and then uses it to display targeted advertisements to user;A program that has been designed to "install" malware on a target system;Surreptitiously gathers information about users’ activities and transmits them to a third;Malware that are designed to runs with highest possible privileges, access software areas that are otherwise not allowed;A program that has been designed to "install" malware on a target system;Ans: A program that has only one purpose, dropping malware on the computer.;Hint: ‘Drops’ a malware into computers
3. What was the name of the most widespread internet worm, that was released on September 18, 2001?;NIMDA;PIMDA;SIMDA;KIMDA;NIMDA;Answer: Nimda is a computer worm. Nimda utilized several types of techniques and this
caused it to become the Internet’s most widespread virus/worm within 22 minutes.;Hint: It is a kind of worm and it is not c or d.
4. What kind of malicious computer program can replicate itself by modifying other programs or files to insert a copy of itself?;Virus;Trojan;Worm;Logic Bomb;Virus;Answer: Viruses are malware that replicates itself and spreads around the body.;Hint: Similar to the same word that spreads throughout the body.
5. How can a computer infect itself?;Infect one or more programs that run at startup;Add itself to list of startup programs;Put itself in the boot sector ⇒ run before the OS boots;All of the above;All of the above;Answer: A computer can infect themselves in all of the above ways.;Hint: Think of every viable option.
6. What kind of virus detection detects viruses by going over a list of known viruses and characteristics?;Signature-based detection;Behaviour-based detection;File integrity checking with cryptographic key;None;Signature-based detection;Answer: The signature of the virus is the way the computer identifies it by placing it in a
list.;Hint: What could be another name for a list of viruses, or a way to trace viruses.
7. What is the name of the malware program that appears to perform some useful task, but which also does something with negative consequences?;Virus;Trojan;Worm;Logic Bomb;Trojan;Answer: Trojan horses are similar to the actual trojan horse from Greek myth, and
pretends to be doing something useful when in reality it hides malicious code.;Hint: Based on a story in history
8. What is the name of threats that uses continuous sophisticated techniques to gain access to a system and remain inside for a prolonged period of time?;APT;BPT;PPT;CPT;APT;Answer: Advanced persistent threats (APT) uses continuous sophisticated gain access
to a system and remain inside for a prolonged period of time, mainly against high value
targets, such as nation states and large corporations.;Hint: *blank* persistent threats