1. What are the benefits of computers using the Binary Number System?;Binary Number System is an exact copy of the Decimal Number System, making it easy for both humans and computers to read the same number;Binary numbers can be perfectly stored and reproduced by computers;Binary numbers are perfect for computers who are easily able to store three different bit states for each binary digit;Binary numbers are better for computers than decimal numbers as computers have difficulty determining value of numbers by digit position;Binary numbers can be perfectly stored and reproduced by computers;Computers are very good at storing two distinct states (in this case 0 and 1). Binary numbers are able to be perfectly stored and retrieved by computers without loss, it is much more difficult for them to store decimal numbers.;Hint: Consider that humans and computers count numbers differently, with humans conditioned to a base 10 number system.
2. What is the purpose of the least significant bit in a binary number?;Determines if the binary number is positive or negative;Determines the length of the binary representation of a number;A placeholder as the leftmost bit of a binary number used for internal formatting;A relic from the days of early computers and serves no purpose in modern 64-bit computing;Determines if the binary number is positive or negative;The least significant bit is used to determine if a binary number is positive or negative. Regardless of the number of bits used to represent a number, the least significant bit is always the leftmost bit.;Hint: The least significant bit is the rightmost bit in a number.
3. How many bits are in a byte?;2 bits;1 bit;4 bits;8 bits;8 bits;The number of bits in a byte is 8. This is also known as an octet. 4 bits is known as a nybble, half of a byte.;Hint: Consider that the maximum number of values that can be held in a byte range from 0-255
4. What are the range of symbols used in Hexadecimal Numbers?;1-16;1-10 and A-F;0-9 and A-F;A-P;0-9 and A-F;The numerical values represented by hexadecimal numbers are the digits 0-9 A common mistake people make is thinking that the digits represented start from 1, but computers start counting at 0 which leads to the mistake. For letters, A-F represent the values 10-15.;Hint: Consider that computers start counting from 0, and that there are only 16 symbols represented by hexadecimal numbers.
5. What is a real-world equivalent to the unary number system?;There is no difference between unary numbers and decimal numbers;Tally marks are a real-world application of the unary number system;omputers often use the unary number system in applications to make counting more readable to users;Unary numbers are used as an easy way to make binary numbers more readable;Tally marks are a real-world application of the unary number system;There aren’t that many practical applications of the unary number system. Computers are bad at storing the unary number system in a practical way, and the representation of a unary number is inefficient to display. Tally marks are one of the few uses of the unary number system in the real world.;Hint: Consider a number system where each value is equal to one, and you must draw another symbol to add a number.
6. How many binary digits are required to represent a single hexadecimal digit?;4 bits;16 bits;6 bits;1 bit;4 bits;To properly represent a hexadecimal digit, 4 bits are required. The range of values represented by a 4-bit number are 0-15, which is the minimum required to represent the number completely.;Hint: Consider how many values are represented by hexadecimal numbers, and how many bits it would take to represent those numbers.
7. What determines the length of a binary string?;The amount of storage space the string requires to store on a hard drive;The number of bits inside the string (excluding leading 0s);The number of bits inside the string (including leading 0s);Exclusively the number of 1s that are stored inside the string;The number of bits inside the string (excluding leading 0s);The length of a bit string is determined by the total number of bits inside a string, subtracting leading 0s from the count. Removing leading 0s allows for the number to be the smallest possible without losing any accuracy in the value of the number.;Hint: Think about what would be useful to know about how long a binary string is.
8. What is the hamming weight of a binary string?;The number of 0s in the string;Equal to the length of the string (excluding leading 0s);The number of 1s in the string;The number of leading 0s in the string;The number of 1s in the string;The hamming weight of a binary string is equal to the number of 1s in the string. 0s are excluded from the count, regardless of their position (leading or not), resulting in the weight of the string.;Hint: Consider what is more important in a binary string, the 0s or the 1s in terms of representing a value.
9. What happens when two strings are concatenated?;All the bits in each string are replaced with 0s;The first string is replaced by the second string, effectively copying the value of the second string;The second string is appended to the end of the first string;The length of the second string is appended to the end of the first string, as trailing 0s;The second string is appended to the end of the first string;The value of the second string is added to the end of the first string. The value of the first string is unchanged, and the total value of the second string is added in full.;Hint: Recall that concatenation is a word that involves combining two separate things together.
10. How many bits are used to represent a character in ASCII?;8 bits;4 bits;7 bits;16 bits;8 bits;While it is true that an ASCII character is represented using 7 bits, an 8th bit added for parity. It’s rather impressive that all the ASCII characters can be represented by 128 values.;Hint: Consider that there are 127 characters that are represented by the ASCII character set.
11. What is an aspect shared between the Binary and Decimal Number systems?;They are perfect copies of each other, making them simple to use in computer-based arithmetic;Both number systems are position based, where the position of a digit relates to its value;They cover the same number of symbols for the representation of digits;Both number systems give all digits the same value, the position of each digit is irrelevant;Both number systems are position based, where the position of a digit relates to its value;Both number systems are based on the position of the digits. While decimal numbers give a value of 10^x to the position of each digit, binary numbers give a value of 2^x to the position of each digit.;Hint: Consider how you determine the value of a number based on the location of each digit.
12. What is the prefix used to represent binary numbers?;0x;1b;0n;0b;0b;0b is the prefix used for binary numbers. 1b and 0n are incorrect prefixes to depict binary numbers, and 0x is the prefix used for hexadecimal numbers.;Hint: Consider what a logical prefix would be for binary numbers, to separate them from hexadecimal or floating point numbers.
13. What is the length of an empty string?;The length of an empty string is equal to the amount of storage space required to store it on a hard drive;Undefined;1;0;0;The length of an empty string is always defined as 0. The amount of storage space required to store a string is irrelevant to the actual length of the string.;Hint: Think about how much storage space it would require to store an empty file.
14. What happens to a bit string when a bitwise not operation is applied?;All the bits in the string are set to a value of 0;The length of the bit string is set to 0, effectively deleting the string;The value of each bit is flipped, each 1 is set to a 0, and every 0 is set to a 1;All the bits in the string are set to a random value, chosen between 0 or 1;The value of each bit is flipped, each 1 is set to a 0, and every 0 is set to a 1;The value of each bit is reversed in a bitwise not operation. This does not mean the string is deleted or that the value of each bit is random, it simply means that every 0 is set to a 1, and each 1 is set to a 0.;Hint: Consider what happens when you negate a statement, the intent of the message is flipped.
15. What happens when a binary string is truncated?;A specified number of bits are discarded starting from either the start or end of the bitstring;A specified number of bits are added to the rightmost bit of the string;The string has a bitwise and operation applied to it, effectively deleting the string;The length of the bit is set to 1, with a random value of either 0 or 1;A specified number of bits are discarded starting from either the start or end of the bitstring;The truncation operation on a bitstring removes a specified number of bits from either the left or the right side of the string. The format used for the operation is lsb^n(x) and msb^n(x), removing n bits from the bitstring x.;Hint: Consider what truncating normally does to a sentence.
16. How many hexadecimal characters are required to represent an ASCII character?;You only need one hexadecimal character to represent an ASCII character;You only need two hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character;You are unable to represent the value of an ASCII character with hexadecimal characters;You only need eight hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character, the same as the number of binary digits required;You only need two hexadecimal characters to represent an ASCII character;Only two hexadecimal characters are required to represent a singular ASCII character. Each ASCII character is represented by 8 bits (7 bits to represent the character, and 1 bit for parity), and a single hexadecimal character represents 4 bits, leading to a minimum of two characters to represent a single ASCII character.;Hint: Consider that there are 127 characters in the ASCII set, and that each hexadecimal character represents 16 values.
17. How many characters are represented by the ASCII character set?;128 unique characters;64 unique characters;32 unique characters;127 unique characters;127 unique characters;While it is true that the number of possible ASCII characters that can be represented by the 7-bit integer limit is 128 characters, the 128th character is reserved for the delete operation. As such, only 127 characters are represented by the ASCII character set.;Hint: Consider that the complete hexadecimal character set can be represented by 8 binary digits.
18. How many binary digits are represented by a word?;16 binary digits;32 binary digits;64 binary digits;A variable number of binary digits that differs based on the design of the processor used on the hardware;A variable number of binary digits that differs based on the design of the processor used on the hardware;While it is true that a word could represent 32, 16, or 64 binary digits (or other values 2^x), the number of bits in a word is determined by the processor used in the hardware. Most modern computers use either 32 or 64 bits in a word.;Hint: Consider that the value of the word may differ based on hardware.
19. What is the range of symbols used in the decimal number system?;0-10;0-9;0-F;1-10;0-9;The range of symbols for decimal numbers is from 0-9. The range 0-F is the range of symbols used to represent binary numbers, and the number 10 is not a unique symbol, thus it is invalid.;Hint: Consider that the decimal number system is the one that humans are most familiar with.
20. What numeral system is the decimal number system based on?;The Indo-Arab numeral system;The Korean numeral system;The Chinese rod numeral system;The Burmese numeral system;The Indo-Arab numeral system;The digits 0-9 are based off of the Indo-Arab numeral system. The Korean, Chinese, and Burmese number systems are region numeral systems and are not as widely used as the Indo-Arab numeral system.;Hint: Consider that many scholars attribute the invention of numbers to exchange between central and southern Asia.